

I had told you about developing a web application in PHP/HTML/MySql.

Design the DB tables and develop PHP/HTML pages. you may use JS/JQUERY/REACT.JS , etc. 
Try to develop with your own ideas, design and code as much as possible, and make it work.
Send it once you complete it.
Try to send it by Oct 22nd. Hope the time is sufficient.

Medicinal nursery management/information system:
1. It has info about various rare medicinal plants.
2. plants belong to various botanical groups (call them main-groups), and plants in a main-group in turn belong to sub-groups.
All plants in a group share some similar properties. And, all plants in a sub-group share some common specialized properties.
Again some sub-groups across the main-groups share some (not all) common properties.
Again each plant has it's own distinct medicinal & other properties which none of other plant-type has.

3. Some of the plant properties are: 
- name, current-age, max-age, water-requirement per X days (amount in units), nutrition-requirement per X days (amount in units), list of medicinal properties (assume some properties) ;
- photo, taxonomy info, field no. (row & col) where plant is kept.

4. Nutrition - General schedule: nutrition is given every month to every plant ( K amount proportionate to its age).

5. Watering info & schedule : General schedule: each plant in an age group of :
0-1 month -> daily 1 unit of water, each day;
1- 4 months - 2 units, each day;
3-7 months - 3 units, once in 2 days;
7 - 15 months - 4 units, once in 2 days.

6. Variation from General schedule: 
a. plants of the main-group 'A' require 20% less water than general needs and 25% more nutrition than normal requirement.
b. sub-group 'B20' require 30% more water & 20% more nutrition.

7. usually all plants live for around 24 months. But those in sub-group 'A3' live for 30 months & those in sub-group B1 live for 19 months only.

8. When plants die we mark their status 'dead' and is taken out of water & nutrition schedules.

9. Develop these web pages to display the information:
- page to display list of all sub groups and their info.
- page to display list of all main groups and their info.
- page to display list of all current plants and their primary info.
- page to display list of all dead plants and their primary info.
- display today's water schedule & required info: which plants to be watered, how much, etc.
- a page to show all info about a given Plant.
-----------------
Forgot this:

In addition to pages mentioned yesterday,  Develop  a page/form to add info about a new plant into system and another form to update info of an existing  plant.